README.md, before:

# Research_tools 
This project contains some blogs, ideas, reviews and news related to sensor fusion and autonomous systems, e.g. autonomous driving and unmanned aerial vehicles.

<!-- <p align="center">
  <img width="712pix" src="img/framework20200104.png">
</p> -->

## Content
### Paper writing

- [Endnote stuck probelm](https://www.zhihu.com/question/44969655/answer/415516847) 
- [Word file recover](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/95040014)
- [Grammarly failed to detect word file](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/91414871)
- [Formula in word always bold](https://www.zhihu.com/question/46817938/answer/882984999)
- [Replacement for evernote:Nixnote](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/86701936)
- [Conference/Symposium/Journal on ITS](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/49662463)

### Sensor Fusion
- [Weighted Least Square with code for GNSS](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/85872469)
- [Transformation in non-linear optimization](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/83120010)
- [Bundle Adjustment with Ceres](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/82986533)
- [Factor Graph based Sensor Fusion (ASPN)](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/49500590)
- [Graph Optimization](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/48182009)
- [GNSS Single Point Positioning](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/48086556)
- [Unscented Kalman Filter (UKF)](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/48084816)
- [Extended Kalman Filter (EKF)](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/48084610)
- [Kalman Filter (KF)](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/48083971)
- [Particle Filter (PF)](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/47919094)


### Coding

- [Debug ros node with GDB](coding/GDB/README.md) 
- [Self-defined ROS msg](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/82381074)
- [Curve fitting with Ceres](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/82984902)
- [Ceres Solver Introduction](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/82984902)
- [GLOG, GFLAGS, Cmakelist](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/81854369)
- [Github: manage your code with Github](coding/GithubUsage/README.md)
- [show/plot trajectory in rviz with google map/openstreet map as background](https://github.com/gareth-cross/rviz_satellite)
- [VS Code Auto-completion](coding/VS_Code/README.md) 
- [Eigen bug unsupported files cannot be found](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/102604655) 
- [Ubuntu Install](coding/ubuntuInstall/README.md) 
- [write data to csv using C++](coding/data2csv/README.md) 
- [Evaluation SLAM or sensor fusion using EVO](coding/evo/README.md) 
- [Set certain characters in one line for VS Code](https://blog.csdn.net/weixin_45272449/article/details/97615190) 
  - Maximum line length is 120 characters. [C++ ROS style](http://wiki.ros.org/CppStyleGuide) 
- [Coordinate systems of OpenCv, CV::Mat at(), cv2::Point](https://blog.csdn.net/wangxuwen2/article/details/52443978)   
- [Install Google Earth in ubuntu](https://linuxconfig.org/how-to-install-google-earth-on-ubuntu-18-04-bionic-beaver-linux)    
- [C++ Class from Peking University](https://www.bilibili.com/video/av10046030/?p=1)    
- [ROS node link rtklib error](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/104385648)  
- [RTKLIB file cannot link c++ library](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/104395633/edit)  
- [Difference between SPP, DGPS, RTK and PPP](https://blog.csdn.net/foreverhuylee/article/details/25693893) 
- [Remove the re-declaration of showmsg, settspan, settime in application node](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/104488765) 
- [Remove the relativitic effects for GNSS position estimation](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/104713783) 
- [Enable BeiDou Satellite System in RTKLIB](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/105019922)
- [get access to high frequency empherical data, use 1s data, otherwise, the measurements from station will be not enough](https://www.geodetic.gov.hk/en/satref/welcome.htm)
- [get the covariance matrix after optimization](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/106631772)
- [get residuals from Ceres-solver after factor graph optimization](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/106984063)
- [split a single rosbag into several one or cut the rosbag file](https://answers.ros.org/question/99711/how-to-split-a-recorded-rosbag-file/)

- [CPP-00 Modern C++:course Introduction and Hello World (2018,Igor)](coding/CPP00/README.md)
- [CPP-01 Modern C++:Variables, Basic types, Control structure (2018,Igor)](coding/CPP01/README.md)
- [CPP-02 Modern C++:Compilation, Debugging, Functions, Headers/Source, Libraries, Cmake (2018,Igor)](coding/CPP02/README.md)
- [CPP-03 Modern C++: Google Test, Namespace, Class, (2018,Igor)](coding/CPP03/README.md)
- [warning:  Clock skew detected ros](coding/data2csv/README.md)
```
 find . -type f | xargs touch
```
- [get ublox solution from CSV, read CSV using C++](coding/data2csv/README.md)
- [vector operation: reduce vector based on the other vector, ](coding/vectorOperation/README.md)
- [rosbag operation, commands ](coding/rosbagOperation/README.md)



### Paper Reviewing
- [Paper reviewing with ideas and comments](paperReview/README.md) 

## Industrial
- [Kolmostar, GNSS](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/58346842)
- [Applanix](https://www.applanix.com/products/posav.htm)
- [Veth Research Associates](https://www.vethresearch.com/)
- [NovAtel](https://www.novatel.com/products/span-gnss-inertial-systems/span-combined-systems/span-cpt/)

## Challenging Dataset
- [UrbanLoco:A Full Sensor Suite Dataset for Mapping and Localization in Urban Scenes](https://advdataset2019.wixsite.com/advlocalization)
- [UrbanNav:an Open-Sourcing Localization Data Collected in Asian Urban Canyons, Including Tokyo and Hong Kong](https://www.polyu-ipn-lab.com/urbannav)
- [Kaist Urban Dataset](https://irap.kaist.ac.kr/dataset/download_1.html)
- [NCLT Dataset:The University of Michigan North Campus Long-Term Vision and LIDAR Dataset.](http://robots.engin.umich.edu/nclt/)

## Laboratory in Navigation
<!-- - [NAV Lab at Standford](http://web.stanford.edu/~gracegao/)
- [Senseable City Lab at MIT](http://senseable.mit.edu/)
- [ASPIN at University of California, Irvine](http://aspin.eng.uci.edu/research.html)
- [toronto AI Lab](http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~urtasun/)
- [IRIS at ETHZ](https://www.iris.ethz.ch/)
- [HKUST Aerial Robotics Group](http://uav.ust.hk/)
- [RAM Lab in HKUST](https://ram-lab.com/)
- [Robot Perception Lab](https://rpl.ri.cmu.edu/)
- [Robust Field Autonomy Lab](https://robustfieldautonomylab.github.io/) -->


| [NAV Lab at Standford](http://web.stanford.edu/~gracegao/) | [Senseable City Lab at MIT](http://senseable.mit.edu/) | [ASPIN at University of California, Irvine](http://aspin.eng.uci.edu/research.html) | [Intelligent Positioning and Navigation Lab at PolyU](https://www.polyu-ipn-lab.com/) |
| :---:  | :---:  | :---:  | :---:  |
| [IRIS at ETHZ](https://www.iris.ethz.ch/) | [HKUST Aerial Robotics Group](http://uav.ust.hk/) | [RAM Lab in HKUST](https://ram-lab.com/) | [Robot Perception Lab](https://rpl.ri.cmu.edu/) |
| [Robust Field Autonomy Lab](https://robustfieldautonomylab.github.io/) | [RPNG Lab at University of Delaware](https://sites.udel.edu/robot/) | [State Key Lab of CAD&CG at Zhejiang University](http://www.cad.zju.edu.cn/home/gfzhang/) | [Toronto AI Lab](http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~urtasun/) |

### Contact
- Author: [Weisong Wen](https://weisongwen.wixsite.com/weisongwen), PhD Candidate in Hong Kong Polytechnic University.
- Email: weisongwen@weisongwen
- Affiliation: [Intelligent Positioning and Navigation Laboratory](https://www.polyu-ipn-lab.com/)

Commit message:

add deliver ros handle to any cpp file from a library

README.md, after:

# Research_tools 
This project contains some blogs, ideas, reviews and news related to sensor fusion and autonomous systems, e.g. autonomous driving and unmanned aerial vehicles.

<!-- <p align="center">
  <img width="712pix" src="img/framework20200104.png">
</p> -->

## Content
### Paper writing

- [Endnote stuck probelm](https://www.zhihu.com/question/44969655/answer/415516847) 
- [Word file recover](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/95040014)
- [Grammarly failed to detect word file](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/91414871)
- [Formula in word always bold](https://www.zhihu.com/question/46817938/answer/882984999)
- [Replacement for evernote:Nixnote](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/86701936)
- [Conference/Symposium/Journal on ITS](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/49662463)

### Sensor Fusion
- [Weighted Least Square with code for GNSS](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/85872469)
- [Transformation in non-linear optimization](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/83120010)
- [Bundle Adjustment with Ceres](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/82986533)
- [Factor Graph based Sensor Fusion (ASPN)](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/49500590)
- [Graph Optimization](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/48182009)
- [GNSS Single Point Positioning](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/48086556)
- [Unscented Kalman Filter (UKF)](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/48084816)
- [Extended Kalman Filter (EKF)](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/48084610)
- [Kalman Filter (KF)](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/48083971)
- [Particle Filter (PF)](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/47919094)


### Coding

- [Debug ros node with GDB](coding/GDB/README.md) 
- [Self-defined ROS msg](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/82381074)
- [Curve fitting with Ceres](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/82984902)
- [Ceres Solver Introduction](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/82984902)
- [GLOG, GFLAGS, Cmakelist](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/81854369)
- [Github: manage your code with Github](coding/GithubUsage/README.md)
- [show/plot trajectory in rviz with google map/openstreet map as background](https://github.com/gareth-cross/rviz_satellite)
- [VS Code Auto-completion](coding/VS_Code/README.md) 
- [Eigen bug unsupported files cannot be found](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/102604655) 
- [Ubuntu Install](coding/ubuntuInstall/README.md) 
- [write data to csv using C++](coding/data2csv/README.md) 
- [Evaluation SLAM or sensor fusion using EVO](coding/evo/README.md) 
- [Set certain characters in one line for VS Code](https://blog.csdn.net/weixin_45272449/article/details/97615190) 
  - Maximum line length is 120 characters. [C++ ROS style](http://wiki.ros.org/CppStyleGuide) 
- [Coordinate systems of OpenCv, CV::Mat at(), cv2::Point](https://blog.csdn.net/wangxuwen2/article/details/52443978)   
- [Install Google Earth in ubuntu](https://linuxconfig.org/how-to-install-google-earth-on-ubuntu-18-04-bionic-beaver-linux)    
- [C++ Class from Peking University](https://www.bilibili.com/video/av10046030/?p=1)    
- [ROS node link rtklib error](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/104385648)  
- [RTKLIB file cannot link c++ library](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/104395633/edit)  
- [Difference between SPP, DGPS, RTK and PPP](https://blog.csdn.net/foreverhuylee/article/details/25693893) 
- [Remove the re-declaration of showmsg, settspan, settime in application node](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/104488765) 
- [Remove the relativitic effects for GNSS position estimation](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/104713783) 
- [Enable BeiDou Satellite System in RTKLIB](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/105019922)
- [get access to high frequency empherical data, use 1s data, otherwise, the measurements from station will be not enough](https://www.geodetic.gov.hk/en/satref/welcome.htm)
- [get the covariance matrix after optimization](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/106631772)
- [get residuals from Ceres-solver after factor graph optimization](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/106984063)
- [split a single rosbag into several one or cut the rosbag file](https://answers.ros.org/question/99711/how-to-split-a-recorded-rosbag-file/)

- [CPP-00 Modern C++:course Introduction and Hello World (2018,Igor)](coding/CPP00/README.md)
- [CPP-01 Modern C++:Variables, Basic types, Control structure (2018,Igor)](coding/CPP01/README.md)
- [CPP-02 Modern C++:Compilation, Debugging, Functions, Headers/Source, Libraries, Cmake (2018,Igor)](coding/CPP02/README.md)
- [CPP-03 Modern C++: Google Test, Namespace, Class, (2018,Igor)](coding/CPP03/README.md)
- [warning:  Clock skew detected ros](coding/data2csv/README.md)
```
 find . -type f | xargs touch
```
- [get ublox solution from CSV, read CSV using C++](coding/data2csv/README.md)
- [vector operation: reduce vector based on the other vector, ](coding/vectorOperation/README.md)
- [rosbag operation, commands ](coding/rosbagOperation/README.md)
- [deliver ros handle from main cpp to any cpp from a library](coding/deliverROSHandle/README.md)


### Paper Reviewing
- [Paper reviewing with ideas and comments](paperReview/README.md) 

## Industrial
- [Kolmostar, GNSS](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/58346842)
- [Applanix](https://www.applanix.com/products/posav.htm)
- [Veth Research Associates](https://www.vethresearch.com/)
- [NovAtel](https://www.novatel.com/products/span-gnss-inertial-systems/span-combined-systems/span-cpt/)

## Challenging Dataset
- [UrbanLoco:A Full Sensor Suite Dataset for Mapping and Localization in Urban Scenes](https://advdataset2019.wixsite.com/advlocalization)
- [UrbanNav:an Open-Sourcing Localization Data Collected in Asian Urban Canyons, Including Tokyo and Hong Kong](https://www.polyu-ipn-lab.com/urbannav)
- [Kaist Urban Dataset](https://irap.kaist.ac.kr/dataset/download_1.html)
- [NCLT Dataset:The University of Michigan North Campus Long-Term Vision and LIDAR Dataset.](http://robots.engin.umich.edu/nclt/)

## Laboratory in Navigation
<!-- - [NAV Lab at Standford](http://web.stanford.edu/~gracegao/)
- [Senseable City Lab at MIT](http://senseable.mit.edu/)
- [ASPIN at University of California, Irvine](http://aspin.eng.uci.edu/research.html)
- [toronto AI Lab](http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~urtasun/)
- [IRIS at ETHZ](https://www.iris.ethz.ch/)
- [HKUST Aerial Robotics Group](http://uav.ust.hk/)
- [RAM Lab in HKUST](https://ram-lab.com/)
- [Robot Perception Lab](https://rpl.ri.cmu.edu/)
- [Robust Field Autonomy Lab](https://robustfieldautonomylab.github.io/) -->


| [NAV Lab at Standford](http://web.stanford.edu/~gracegao/) | [Senseable City Lab at MIT](http://senseable.mit.edu/) | [ASPIN at University of California, Irvine](http://aspin.eng.uci.edu/research.html) | [Intelligent Positioning and Navigation Lab at PolyU](https://www.polyu-ipn-lab.com/) |
| :---:  | :---:  | :---:  | :---:  |
| [IRIS at ETHZ](https://www.iris.ethz.ch/) | [HKUST Aerial Robotics Group](http://uav.ust.hk/) | [RAM Lab in HKUST](https://ram-lab.com/) | [Robot Perception Lab](https://rpl.ri.cmu.edu/) |
| [Robust Field Autonomy Lab](https://robustfieldautonomylab.github.io/) | [RPNG Lab at University of Delaware](https://sites.udel.edu/robot/) | [State Key Lab of CAD&CG at Zhejiang University](http://www.cad.zju.edu.cn/home/gfzhang/) | [Toronto AI Lab](http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~urtasun/) |

### Contact
- Author: [Weisong Wen](https://weisongwen.wixsite.com/weisongwen), PhD Candidate in Hong Kong Polytechnic University.
- Email: weisongwen@weisongwen
- Affiliation: [Intelligent Positioning and Navigation Laboratory](https://www.polyu-ipn-lab.com/)
